https://codepen.io/the1andonlyjaks/pen/ExVxrYp?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
semantic HTML is the structure of web page content and it helps search engines
    2. What is HTML used for?
HTML is used to create electronic documents 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 An attribute provides additional information about HTML elements and t is put in the beginning of the tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is the header text it should be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
metadata about the web page that is not displayed to the user 
    7. What is an id?
used to point to a style in a style
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
css and javascript 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
once 
    10. What is a class?
 Specifies a name for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
section div nav
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
alternate text if an image cant be displayed 
    15. How do I reference an id?
with #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section defines the section and is semantic div divides the page and is non specific
    17. What is CSS used for? 
to add style to a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
type h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
an ID can be used to identify one element and a class can be used to identify more than one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
with a .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
used to match all the elements which are child of a specified element. When we want to match elements that are direct children of other elements
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
keywords that start with a colon:
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height using px
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing using px
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border:1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
with *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* comment
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm there is no warming like in gui environment just deletes it
    34. Why should I use version control? 
helps you keep track of changes and keep every team member working off the latest version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
every 15 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
Go to the project repository
Make sure you signed in to GitHub
Press the Fork button
Add your TLs as a collaboratorr the top
click the green Clone button and copy the url 
Open up r GitBash  
Enter the command `git clone url`  
Open that folder in your text editor  
Checkout a new branch using `git checkout -b <firstname-lastname>`
Complete the assignment, adding and committing as needed.
Push your changes to the remote copy using `git push `
Click New pull request
Make sure the base repository is “<yourGitHubHandle>/<projectName>
Add your TLs as reviewers
Submit the request 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
block element is any element that starts a new line. An inline element does not start on a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
use CSS code 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
